A. Comply with Wisconsin
D. Document that current municipal planning seeks to
H. Show that the local Chamber of Commerce or a similar group
A. Demonstrate that your community has been awarded
F. Demonstrate that your community understands the critical ecological role
E. Show that your forester, a member of your tree board,
I. Document a recent project that created or restored bird habitat
S. Demonstrate how a public golf course is managed
U. Show that your community maximizes the value of right-of-way space
J. Show that a <em>significant</em> number of properties
C. Provide evidence
O. Document a program to support the establishment of natural lawns
L. Show that your community has restored at least two acres
C. Document an ongoing community program to incorporate a
D. Describe and attach an ordinance or other official policy that requires
E. Describe your community
F. Show that your community offers the public information on
M. Demonstrate that your community offers a <em>program</em> for
N. Show that your community works on
B. Implement a municipal moratorium on the trimming of trees and shrubs
K. Implement a
P. Demonstrate the implementation of a program to preserve
Q. Document the establishment of a program to promote the conservation of
A. Describe your community
E. Document a program that
F. Demonstrate that your community <span 
B. Demonstrate that your community provides property owners with information on how to protect birds
I. Demonstrate that your community has enacted a bird collision
D. Document that a municipal or major public building has been awarded
J. Document that your community has registered a municipal building(s)
K. Attach
H. Document that your community operates a significant
G. Show how your community regulates communication tower
C. Show that your municipality practices
B. Document and describe your event that incorporates the annual
B. Provide web links or a community newsletter demonstrating that your community
G. Document that there is a segment of the Great Wisconsin
K. Demonstrate that your community actively raises awareness of its bird assets
G. Provide a link to your community
D. Describe your community-sponsored annual bird festival
T. Document that your community maintains a birding trail or hot spot location with educational signage
J. Document that a municipal building has significant bird-friendly landscaping
H. Document a substantial <em>regular</em> program
A. Demonstrate that schools in your community participate
R. Show how your community aids a local youth group
I. Show that your municipality promotes and supports a bird club
L. Show that your community works with traditionally underserved communities
E. Illustrate a program that involves schools, garden clubs, or
C. Demonstrate that your community is represented in at least one citizen
B. Describe <em>organized</em> bird monitoring or data obtained
V. Your community
M. Show that your community participates in the Natural Resources Foundation
H. Describe your community
A. Document an energy audit for a municipal building
E. Show that your community has implemented a sustainability plan
F. Demonstrate that your community participates in a community solar
D. Document that your community has been recognized as a
I. Document that your community is part of the
B. Show that your community goes above and beyond in its support
C. Document that a municipal building is
G. Discuss your